well howdy there internet people its Bo
again so today we are going to talk
about a study population and how the
United States is headed towards an
immigration boom we're going to become
very welcoming to immigrants again we
have much freer immigration policies I
know this is really hard to imagine
right now with the things that are being
chanted our current political climate
and our current president it is hard to
picture the United States once again
being a country that says send me your
huddled masses yearning to breathe free
but it's on the way and it's on the way
for a really weird reason for decades
we've had people tell us about
population growth and warned us even
about population growth and how
eventually the population would get to
the point that it was causing real
issues the reality is that most of that
was rooted in a bunch of racist garbage
okay
I'll actually put a link on
overpopulation down below that's uh
really good but so we've been told this
for so long that we accepted as fact a
new study in The Lancet suggests
otherwise it suggests because of things
like education and access to health care
and you know family planning you know
knowing where babies come from all of
this stuff we're having less babies not
just in the United States but in a lot
of countries and that come about 2060
we're going to start to see a population
decline we're going to start losing
people our population will get lower and
that sounds cool
the thing is the United States is a
capitalist society we have a capitalist
economy what does that need consumption
we need consumers major corporations are
not going to allow a declining
population to impact their profit
margins so while we may not have the
same number of births and have a growing
population in that manner we can get it
in another way and these major
corporations will reach out to these
senators and representatives that they
own I mean donate to and get them to
pass legislation that encourages
immigration to the United States we will
have much freer immigration and this
probably start pretty soon in the next
20 years or so we'll start seeing the
beginning of it so this this surge of
anti-immigrant sentiment that is
occurring under Trump it's probably
going to be the last one for quite some
time because if there's one thing the
u.s. enjoys more than hating people its
money at the end of the day this isn't
something to be worried about the only
aliens you should be afraid of are the
ones in spaceships people coming here
for a better life are not a problem they
never have been it's just a tool those
in power used to keep those in the
bottom divide it to keep them kicking
down so they couldn't look up and see
who the real problem was
but looks like that might be coming to
an end so there's you some good news for
the morning anyway it's just a thought
y'all have a good day